# music essay

Nowadays, there are many different categories of music in the world. some people argue that we like listening music everyday, and others think traditional music should be more important than international music. In my opinion, i believe that everyone needs music , and international music is equally important with traditional music.

**One of primary reasons why i support this idea is that** music can enrich people's spiritual life and  mental well-being, so we need music every day. **This is because** music always shares positive emotions and provides energy to listeners. People will feel happy and relaxed when they listen to music. **Therefore,** people need music to release stress and keep mentally healthy. **For instance**, many students like listening soft music in the night, which help them sleep. Because the light musics help them keep peaceful and ensure they have a good sleep.



**Anther reason for my stance is that** music  can also enhance mutual understanding and cooperation among different countries, so we need music. it is clear that a classic song can be liked by various countries of people, even if  they do not use a same language. some people are attracted by other countries music and share their voice in the internet. music provides a very good topic for people around the world to discuss.**Moreover,** this is why i also believe international music should be  focused as important as traditional music. **By contrast**, most traditional music is only listened by domestic people.As a result, music plays a very important role in promoting international exchange.



In conclusion, i firmly believe everyone need music and international music is  also important, **as** music **not only**  enhances people's mental healthy **but also** promotes international exchange.






举例： according to a survey by Chinese scholar, ...have been proved to ..... by up to 30% (,which illustates that )