# 开头

## 双边讨论

Discuss both views and give your own opinion.



改写题目+ while there are some benefits to ... ,I believe that  .... is usually more productive.



##  agree or disagree

To what extend you agree or disagree?



【完全同意】： I completely agree that this kind of scheme would be a good idea.

[完全不同意] :  In my opinion, it would be a wrong to ..... .



## 问题与对策

Why do some people continue to commit crimes after they have been punished ,and what measures can be taken to tackle this problem?





There are many reason why offenders repeatedly break the law, but governments could certainly take steps to address this issue.





## 改写



1. 变词性

名词---> 形容词 ----> 动词

2. 变句型

A. there be . B. 主动 <--> 被动。 should 



There are many meanings behind traditional and religious festivals that have been forgotten.

Today, people only want to enjoy themselves in festivals.



In many countries, lots of money are controled by a small number of people.  
some people claim that there are many benefits to the country, while others believe that governments should not allow salaries above a certain level.



Some people think that we need to find a way to live with climate change rather than prevent it.



Some people think that there are many other types of progress that are equally important for a country, while many governments believe that the most important goal should be economic progress.



Some People believe that people should primary consider the salary when looking for a job.



Some people argue that foreign visitors should be charged more money than domestic visitors on cultural and historical buildings.

