Development in science and technology has caused environmental problems. Some people say that a simpler way of life will protect the environment, while others believe that science and technology can solve environmental problems. Discuss both views and give your opinion.


**There is no denying that the topic concerning** the way to conserve the environment **has become controversial.** **Some people nurture the belief that**  they can effectively conserve the environment by a simpler way of life. **Meanwhile, in opposition, others contend that** developing science and technology could help to deal with environmental problems. **This essay will briefly examine both positions(this viewpoint ) and offer my own opinion between them.** 

**On the one hand, there are certain people in support of the former opinion. As it is widely acknowledged that** leading a simpler way of life is beneficial for environment. Citing transport as a example, citizen once take public transport as well as bicycle rather than private cars, it can diminish the emission of the greenhouse gas. **what is more, it is true that** modifying personal lifestyle including diet,transport, accommodation and so forth is crucial to conserve environment. For example, occupants consume local, seasonal and organic food, contributing to the decrease of the consumption of energy. **Thus**, leading a simpler way of life should be encouraged.

**However, there are some dissenting voices. They argue that** green issues could be addressed by science and technology. **This is because** developing science and technology can invent alternative clean energy, such as solar energy, wind energy, tidal energy and so forth, meaning that it could reduce the consumption of fossil fuel. **In addition, this also can be emphasized by the fact that** science could develop recycling system, transforming wastes to raw material. Hence, not only can it develop sustainable alternatives, but also it can relieve the pressure on natural resources.

**To sum up, based on the analysis given above, we can safely conclude that even though** altering individual lifestyle **makes a significant difference, we cannot underestimate the importance of**  developing science and technology. **I therefore am convinced that** both of them are equally essential.