Living in a country where you have to speak a foreign language can cause serious social problems, as well as practical problems.
To what extent do you agree or disagree with this statement?

It is clear that living in a foreign country has its own benefits and drawbacks to consider. I agree with this statement, however I think that anybody coming in another country should respect national culture. In this essay, I would like to outline the social and practical problems.

The social problems would be language barrier, which means that a person coming from another country might not be able to speak and understand the language which might be a problem as far as a person who is living in a country, and a person who came in the country. Another problem is linked to the language barrier, but it might influence the behaviour of others. An individual who come into the country might offend others with their behaviour or language. For example, some cultures like English people prefer to be very polite and say things differently from other cultures. Therefore, a person who doesn't know how to behave in a particular culture might offend others around him.

The practical problems would be misunderstanding of culture. That means that a person who visits other countries does not understand other culture and he behaves as he wants to. The second practical problem is finding a job. An individual who works in foreign country might not be appropriate for people who he serves. For example, if an individual works in a restaurant, the people who live in a country and they were born in that country might not respect and not like the behaviour of a person who works in a restaurant, it might be because the cultures are different.
To summarize, it can be said that there are a lot of misconceptions which people have when they live in a foreign country, and in my opinion and from my personal experience people should integrate themselves in order to know how to behave in different situations with different cultures.